yes my friends they completely jumped
the gun on this one cyberpunk 2077 the
game is not coming until
april of next year and that's assuming
that everything goes right but given the
pace of modern graphics card innovation
um
by the time cyberpunk 2077 actually does
come out this should still be a god-tier
gaming pc so let's take a look at the
origin pc genesis powered by geforce rtx
in this video sponsored by origin pc
[Music]
so i want to start by going through all
the sweet little custom bits of this
machine and there is a good reason for
this this is not just your typical
youtuber flexing all the cool stuff that
manufacturers send them because guess
what origin pc is actually going to be
giving one of these exactly like this to
one of our lucky viewers at the link in
the video description
[Music]
do
they have done a bunch of custom stuff
here starting of course with the rgb and
overall color scheme of this machine
it's all yellow and blue it's got these
sick
uv leds that they're using to give it a
phenomenal glow when it's not under
studio lighting and they've done a bunch
of custom work both in terms of prints
and in terms of acrylic work here so
they've actually put in a custom panel
right here directly above the basement
as well as a fully custom mid plate
that's got this like six circuit board
cyberpunk 2077 design on it of course
the liquid cooling is all hard line two
full loops so there's a single loop for
the r9 3900 3900x 12 core amd ryzen 9
processor there's another loop for the
dual geforce rtx 2080 ti's and actually
this is cool so around the time that we
filmed this there was some news about a
new sli rendering mode that we're
actually going to try out on these later
on in the video and each of these loops
has a dedicated triple fan radiator down
in the basement here so it's crazy like
the air up here is that oh wait did i
say one radiator sorry i completely
missed the third radiator there's a
third triple fan radiator up here in the
top of the case this thing's unreal
they've got some uh like custom prints
in the front here they're like a
cityscape and then you come around to
the front and bam keanu
you need breathtaking folks simply
breathtaking moving around to the back
things actually get even more impressive
if you are a giant water cooling nerd
like i am there's the other bottom
triple radiator and check this out this
has got to be the most beautiful
full motherboard sized water
distribution plate that i have ever
freaking seen so it manages
both of the loops usually the reason for
these things is so you don't have to run
a bunch of tubing inside the system but
they they went and did that anyway so uh
whatever it's fine so it allows you to
fill the loops super easily and drain
them and it even actually has a flow
indicator for our blue side here now you
might notice that ain't spinning
don't worry using the corsair iq
software have already verified
once the system actually ramps up that
pump will go faster and the fluid will
in fact flow fast enough to move the
flow indicators
and i thought this was just a cool
graphic
no hiding the cable management so back
here we've got uh what is this so this
is an rgb distribution thing oh that's
pretty cool that's from bitspower so
that's how they're controlling all these
five-volt addressable rgb strips all
over the case sick then we've got a
commander pro which is handling our fan
speed control as well as more rgb and
then one of these rgb hubs for
presumably the fans oh and and another
one and then also this is a very unusual
spec choice but i totally approve so
they've gone with a two terabyte four
series gen four pci express m.2 ssd for
boot and then they've actually gone with
a two terabyte fire cuda so a lot of
cases especially if you fill them up
with uh radiators don't have a ton of
space for three and a half inch hard
drives anymore and so they've gone with
a two and a half inch drive and one of
the ones that has a small ssd cache in
it so if you install games on it
whatever you're kind of playing mostly
these days is going to cache up and it's
actually going to load much more quickly
than a traditional hard drive we've also
got some custom graphics on the little
screen that's built into the msi godlike
motherboard and of course we've got some
dominator rgb memory with like a purple
and blue color scheme on it holy crap i
actually missed another radiator here so
ha
so we've got four 120s for the cpu loop
and then six 120s for the gpu loop
anyway
that's all fine and good but it doesn't
tell us anything about the gaming
performance now i would love
very much to fire up cyberpunk 2077 but
unfortunately origen
and us nobody nobody has access to that
game yet outside of cd projekt red so
instead we are going to be playing
what's what's the first one that i
opened ah yes borderlands 3. i love the
super outdated sli logo in the sli usage
indicator thing
all right so here we go we're running at
4k no frame rate limit we're running in
ultra and we're running in directx 11
because this uh new tiled checkerboard
sli rendering mode that we're using
nvidia inspector to activate uh doesn't
work in directx 12. so what we're
looking at right now is the game running
at 4k
ultra details directx 11 and
in sli actually that is um surprisingly
efficient use of the two gpus around 80
to 85 i wasn't really expecting that
man this game does not look that amazing
for uh something that's running at only
75 fps on dual 2080 ti i don't know what
it is about their cell shaded you know
kind of drawn looking art style but it
doesn't run great
so now we've got this thing fired up
check this out sli cfr now we're not
necessarily expecting better performance
but because cfr compared to
alternate frame rendering doesn't have
to buffer as much what we are expecting
is less hitching and micro stuttering
one thing i want to know is like tiled
rendering didn't the last time they did
this like crossfire with like master and
slave cards like
i wonder if they're able to do this
because of envy link our frame rate is
actually lower
but
if anything i'd say the animations look
as smooth or smoother all right so now
we're in metro exodus and this game
doesn't scale particularly well in sli
but at least it's running pretty
smoothly and this is in the more
traditional alternate frame rendering
mode now this is interesting it's hard
for me to say if it's any more
responsive it does feel fine but we're
actually running at a higher frame rate
in this one which is pretty cool so
we're up in the neighborhood of 100 120
frames per second with this new
rendering mode to be clear guys we don't
know exactly what the mechanism of this
cfr rendering mode is and the only way
to enable it right now is actually
through this nvidia profile inspector
software so it's not in the nvidia
control panel and we're basing
everything we're telling you about it on
information about
previous
tile based rendering methods i mean we
do know that there is one modern one on
the ps4 pro which features amd hardware
that just doesn't really tell us
anything about nvidia so this is nice
we've got these great horizontal lines
here and there's no obvious place where
one tile is refreshing slightly faster
or slightly slower than the other one
honestly it is really cool going back
and playing like
really old games that you just you were
too poor to afford good hardware for at
the time and playing them on like
totally overpowered modern hardware and
just be like oh huh
so this we're actually getting great sli
utilization and super snappy
responsiveness we've got what yeah 90
plus percent utilization on both of our
gpus
146 fps and this is 4k
ultra and this game looks pretty darn
good for such an oldie on this kind of
hardware
and finally this is a really nice thing
about modern amd gaming machines is that
they can do more than just games so we
just ripped through the bmw blender
render
in uh two minutes and four seconds and
we're running at 3.9 gigahertz on all 12
of our course so that's all 24 threads
at the same time now our temps were not
amazing but what you guys might have
noticed throughout filming this video is
we've actually had this dialed into the
quiet profile in iq so everything from
our fans to our pumps has been barely
even spinning so all we have to do is
kick things up a notch
i mean i guess we don't really have to
though because 80 degrees is still
enough to be boosting up to 3.9 but we
could
like if the weather was hot so in
conclusion this thing is absolutely sick
and if you want a chance to win one
we're gonna have the information for
that linked down below also linked below
is our store lttstore.com and a link to
another video you might want to check
out so there's some really cool stuff
happening with displays and sli and
g-sync so we actually did a video on how
nvidia and lg brought g-sync gaming to
oled tv so you guys are going to want to
check that one out especially if you win
this thing because that would be a match
made in heaven